♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, ♪
♪ I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn into possible ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light ♪
♪ I go ♪♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise 'till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, ♪
♪ I go ♪
[ Bird screeches ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Huh?
Rachel, it's me!
Rachel!
Hold on a second.
Rachel?
The girl that
you're looking for?
Yeah.
But there's no way
it's her.
Hmm.
If it was, she would have...
Man: Attention. Are you
listening closely, everyone?
Since for obvious reasons,
the current challengers
can no longer
carry on with this fight,
we'll move on to the next game.
If your team would like
to participate
in the next round,
please...
Yo! Hold up.
What are you doing?
-Hmm.
-Anak, get down!
The only person here who should
be sitting up there would be me,
the team's weakest member.
That way I'd have you,
the team's strongest fighter...
You really think
she's the strongest?
Ah! Dude!
It's super rude to interrupt
people when they're talking!
Man: Oh, I should probably
mention if the individual
who initially donned the crown
leaves the throne
for any reason,
their entire team
loses the challenge.
What?
You didn't mention
that rule before.
I didn't need to.
A detailed explanation
of the rules as posted
in your waiting room.
What?!
Rak: Returning to your waiting
room during the game
will result
in disqualification.
Entering another team's
waiting room
will also result
in disqualification.
Wow.
The gator can even read, too.Why, you!
You're saying it's our fault
for pressing the buzzer
without reading it first?
Man: That's correct.
All right. All right.
Enough talking.
Let's start the next round
already.Hey!
Man: Okay, in that case,
teammates,
please press the buzzer
if you'd like to participate
in the next round of the game.
Ahhh! Our team is divided.
This is the worst!
[ Sobs ]
Hatsu: What are you
so worried about, Shibisu?
Huh?
Defending the throne
should be no problem,
what with my sword skills
and your rigorous training
in the killing arts.
My training
in the killing arts?
[ Grunting ]
What? You believed me
when I said all that?
[ Scoffs ] I have no reason
to doubt you.
You're my teammate,
after all.
Hatz, I love you so much!
Man: You have only five seconds
to sign up.
Yah!
Time for me to hug
the tiny green lizard.
Don't you touch it. Three...
It's not time for us
to jump in yet.
Please, please, please let there
be no participants,
or at least
super weak ones.
Tell you what, turtle.
Give me 10 chocolate bars,
and you've got yourself a deal.
Yeah, okay.
Wow. You've got
quite the appetite.
Uh.
Man: Zero!
Thanks. The sign-up
window is now closed.
[ Gasps and whimpers ]
[ Whirring ]
[ Grunts ]
Another grate is opening.
♪♪
Hmm.
Man: [ Laughs] How exciting,
let the second round begin!
So our legendary team-up
back when
we crossed the Shinsu together
meant nothing to you?
Yeah, sorry weirdo,
but I don't remember
ever willingly teaming up
with a loser like you.
So instead, you teamed up
with this horned guy
with flowing hair?
Don't you have
a third teammate?
Huh? Oh.
[ Snoring ]
Uh, he's just sleeping
'cause he knows the two of us
can totally take out
someone as lame as you,
And he's absolutely right.
But even though
you may kill me,
I'll never run
from the likes of you
'cause I may be a loser,
but at least I'm persistent.
So don't underestimate me,
you hag!
Under different circumstances,
you and I would have
crossed swords with honor.
But you understand.
Don't take
what happens next personally.
We don't want you.
All we want is to get our hands
on that crown!
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
Clocker, stop him
however you can!
You got it!
[ Grunting ]
[ Yawns ]
♪♪
Aaah!
Ahh! Ah!
-[ Grunting ]
-Damn you!
He's good.
How are they planning to
bring them down?
Are you going to stand around
and talk,
or do you plan on fighting?
[ Grunting ]
I get to whip out
my super-inferno punch now.
It's been a while.
[ Both grunting ]
-Yah!
-No, you didn't.
Die!
Ahhhh-ha!
[ Grunts ]
It's so not okay to hit a girl!
How can you say that when you
literally tried to stab me?
I was just trying to
stab you a little,
not enough to kill you, jerk!
Oh! So what I'm hearing
is my manly good looks
have softened
your cold, dark heart
and made you want to
spare my life.
What?!
I'm gonna kill you.
In fact, your stupid face
makes me want to kill you...
Yeah, so she says.
But she's not taking the bait.
It's not as though these two
are exceptionally strong
or anything.
Their other teammate has been
sleeping this whole time.
Something's wrong.
-An opening!
-Huh?
Shibisu, look out!
[ Grunts ]
Did you think teaming up
with those two monsters
would make you stronger,
less ordinary and pathetic?
What the? Let go!
Ha!
Ah. [ Sighs ]
I failed you, Anak, Hatz.
[ Sword clangs ]
Huh?
Hatz!
Come on.
Who closes their eyes
during a fight?
Are you kidding me?
Yo, what the hell have you guys
been doing this whole time?
What happened
to your super-inferno punch?
I knew you'd save me, buddy.
That's why I love you...
Get away from me.
Where's their other teammate?
He's over there on the ground,
sleeping.
Sleeping?
While his teammates are busy
fighting for their lives?
I want to hunt them
and bathe in their despair now.
Why'd you have to stop me
and ruin all my fun,
blue turtle?
It's still only
the second round.
No, under ordinary
circumstances, we'd be fighting.
What?
We should participate
in this round.
What?
Are you completely stupid?
In what world
would our team survive
until the last round
if we entered it now?
[ Yawns ]
You're the stupid one here.
What did you say?Why don't we just listen
and hear him out on this one,
all right?
In this particular game,
the team who claims the throne
is at a major disadvantage
until the second round
or third at the latest.
As the game progresses,
the number of participants
keeps increasing.
It doesn't matter how much
they battle the team
sitting up on the throne.
Other teams
are sure to interfere.
In the worst case, it's likely
another team will steal
the crown right out
from under their noses.Oh.
So rather than having to
fend off all the other teams
while going in
for the crown,
it's clearly way easier to set
up camp on the throne right now.
Then why aren't we jumping in
and kicking their butts?
It's because it Anak's the one
who's on the throne, right?
Mm-hmm.
That makes sense, but I doubt
we can take the throne from her.
She's way too strong for us.
-I can.
-What?
You can do it
however you want,
but your goal is to get the guy
in the tracksuit
and swordsmen away from
the throne.
Leave the rest to me.
♪♪
[ Both grunting ]
Anak, nap time's over!
That's Shinsu in his hands.
He's a wave controller.
Whoa-ho!
Someone who could use Shinsu
was hiding among us all along.
♪♪
[ Grunting ]
You touch your adorable
little lizard friend,
and I'll rip you
limb from limb!
Ah!
Anak, no!
She's okay!
Okay?
How's this okay?
Huh?
[ Rumbling ]
I was sleeping so peacefully
before you all ruined it.
Oh, I know.
Trust me, being woken up
is just infuriating.
You should give up now.
I can attack the throne
from pretty much anywhere.
[ Seethes ]
♪♪
Ignition.
They made her angry.
Bad move on their part.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
look out!
Ah!
You said you can attack
the throne from anywhere?
That's good to know.
I appreciate you making it
easier for me.
Now I can kill you all
without having to move!
♪♪
Damn it.
Did I attack prematurely?
Giving into your emotions.
You disappoint me...
Miss Anak Jahad.
That means her weapon --
it must be...
That weapon's crazy!
I want one.
I don't think it would be
smart to use.
Why?
Using an ignition weapon's
got to be against
all kinds of rules.
There's no way she should
own something like that.
-Aaaaah!
-Uh?
[ Straining and grunting ]
What's happening?
[ Grunting ]
It's losing its mind.
I can't control it!
[ Both grunting ]
-Look out!
-Let's end this now!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Straining ]
Please calm down!
What's the matter?
Ahhh!
What?
That's the Black March.
[ Grunting ]
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?
Can't you tell?
We're running away!
Turn me around!
We'll all be disqualified
if we return to
our waiting room now.
Fine with me. I've run away
100,000 times,
so I'm kind of a pro at knowing
when it's a lost cause
and I'm screwed.Put me down.
I'm not a coward.Listen, you idiot.
Just quit
while you're ahead.
It's not like there's honor
in dying over a dumb bonus game.
Hmph!
Such a baby.
Man: According to
the aforementioned rules,
Team Serena, Ho, and Lauroe
is disqualified.
Buh-bye.
Did you hear that, Anak?
We did it!
Huh?
You all right there?
Hey, are you all right, Bam?
I -- I think so.
It's a little better.
I figured out
what I thing's problem is.
It senses my powerful presence
and wants to have a piece of me
on the battlefield.
Yeah, I'm sure.
[ Gasps ]
Khun, Rak, watch out!
♪♪
Why?
Why does one like you dare
to have possession of
the Black March?
What?
[ Straining ]
It's quite obvious that you are
unworthy of that blade.
She's clearly more of a threat
than we first thought.
-This doesn't concern you.
-Uh, hi, Anak.
Ah!
Did you forget you're not
supposed to leave the throne
or enter
another team's waiting room?
Now, thanks to you,
we've been disqualified, genius.
Give me the Black March.
I'm sorry. You left because
you wanted that piece of crap?
It's far from
a piece of crap.
I'll pretend
you never said that.
[ Screams ]
That sword is of
the 13 Month Series weapons
forged by master craftsman
Ashul Edwaru, the Black March.
You mean like the legendary
weapons King Jahad,
ruler of this tower,
gives to
each of his chosen
princesses?
That's correct.Hold on a sec.
How would you know
about all that?
That sword smells exactly
like your weapon, Anak.
Well, of course it does.
This weapon is another forged
of the 13 Month Series.
It's the Green April,
and I am a chosen princess
of Jahad.
A princess of Jahad?
What? A princess?
Your name's Bam, isn't it?
Well, Bam,
hand over that weapon.
You and I both know
you have no business holding it.
-I can't.
-Huh?
I can't do that.
Yuri entrusted this to me,
and I'll return it to her
myself.
Yeah-ha-ha!
That's it, black turtle,
take the lizard down.
Sorry to hear that.
Then in that case...
[ Grunting ]
[ Gasps ]
I won't allow any more of this
child's play in my arena.
I believe you've
all been disqualified.
So return to your waiting room
immediately, drop-outs.
Don't make this worse
for us.
He's an administrator!
Anak, don't do it.
Bam, how about you and I
make a bet?
A bet?
Yeah, I want to make
a little wager
for the Green April
and the Black March.
-Huh?
On second thought, that does
sound rather interesting.
What are you saying?
I'm saying as long as the crown
game can continue,
I have no problem with you
making a bet
with the ornery
lizard princess.
If you and your team
are still standing
after the last round
of the crown game,
then I'll even throw in
the Green April.What?
But if you lose
like I know you will,
then I win the bet instead,
and you have to hand over
the Black March to me.
What? No way.
Why would I make a bet like that
and risk Yuri's sword?
Because once this game ends,
I intend to kill you
and take the Black March
anyway.
So it's the only way you could
possibly escape with your life.
[ Gasps ]
I want to protect the sword,
but I --
I don't want to be...
I can't be the cause
of any more trouble.
Well, what do you think?
Not a bad deal, right?
At least you have the slightest
chance of winning if you --
Rak:
What did you just say?
You really think
I'd have any chance of losing?
But, Rak, I --
Princess rules or whatever.
It's dumb.
I don't like this.What do you --
I don't care
if you're a princess.
I'll take you out, lizard.
Hmm.
I think it's time.
You've been itching
for a fight.
Guess now's your chance.
Yeah.
The crown game
will now resume.
Have fun and try not to
get blood on my floor.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]
[ Grunts ]
Nice try, Anak!
We'd appreciate it
if you didn't cause
any more trouble
for the team.
Hmm. What team?
Hey, wait.
That wasn't very nice.
[ Laughs ]
I don't see anything wrong
with calling an impostor
an impostor, do you?
-I'm sorry, you guys.
-Huh?
This is 'cause of me.
It's all my fault.
It's all right.
What counts is we were able
to drag a lizard
down from her throne.
Besides,
you're pretty amazing.
Huh?
Even though
she threatened you,
you never handed
the Black March over.
That's because Rachel
once told me...
I want you to promise me
you'll never betray anyone
no matter what happens,
especially a girl.
Why not a girl?
Because betraying a girl's trust
is the same thing
as making an enemy
of the whole entire world.
I was just --
just keeping the promise
she asked me to keep.
Rak:
Well, that was dumb.
♪♪
I mean, it was my choice.
If you can't tell,
I'm pretty weak and useless.
Well, you're certainly weak,
that's for sure.
Yeah.
But that's exactly
what makes you amazing.
Huh?
Even though your life
was on the line,
you still stuck
to your convictions
and kept your promise
to your friend.
I could never have
done that.
But you...
Man: The participants
have been selected.
The third round will now begin.
Rak: Let's make
these fools regret
the day they mess with
my turtles!
Now that no one's
on the throne anymore,
we'll be the quickest
to take the crown
and claim our rightful place
at the top.
May the fastest team win.
I don't care
who comes first.
I'm stronger.
Bring it on!
Now that the lizard's gone,
they're all coming out to play.
They don't know I have
a want that controls Shinsu.
A rubbery body.
Quick speed
and super-high jumps.
Hmm.
-This battle...
-Is...
Miiiiine!
[ Gasping ]
-Ahh!
-[ Screams ]
♪♪
-Ah!
-When did you...
Game over, folks.
Thanks for playing.
But that wouldn't be
interesting,
now would it?
[ Gasping and grunting ]
You speak turtle.
What the heck
is he talking about?
I don't know.
Come on up.
If you somehow manage to defeat
me, I'll give you the crown.
You little bastard!
I'm gonna kill him!
You won't be smug when my wand
and I are done with you.
Ahhh, ahhhhh!
Ahhh!
♪♪
This is too much work.
Here.
Have at it.
[ All gasping ]
You can fight amongst
yourselves,
ladies and gentlemen.
Has Khun
always been like this?
Haaaaaaaaa!
Yah!
[ Grunting ]
♪♪
Out of my way!
Ahhh! Ahhh!
Ah!
Leave everything to me. Ah!
Where do you think
you're going?
-Ah!
-Just you wait.
When I get out of this hole,
you'll rue the day
you messed with me!
Just get out of my way!
Come on, don't tell me
you haven't noticed.
-What?
Huh?
There were two crowns
the whole time?
You're having all the fun
while I'm bored
out of my damn mind?
Yeah, sorry about that.
[ Groaning ]
I suppose I should
be getting ready, shouldn't I?
Hey, it's okay to kill
all of them, right?
♪♪
Woman:
Yes, of course.
♪♪
["Slump" by Stray Kids playing ]
♪ Where you going?
It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Give me an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless
I'm helpless ♪
♪ As they keep flying by
Stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like I'm in an
hourglass, maybe I can stay ♪
♪ And be comfortable
living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone
so can you take me to you now? ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow,
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together
down this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead ♪
♪ It seems impossible
to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone ♪
♪ Feeling so cold
Not getting anywhere ♪
♪ I feel like I'm in slow mode
Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was
all black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in
the distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gonna
stay forgetting? ♪
♪ Ay ♪
♪♪